#Lecture
- Imagine an illiterate audience you have to present to
- Rhetorical Situation
	- Setting of Communication
	- Speaker/Writer, Audience, Purpose, Context
	- Shapes Tone, Style, and Message.
	- Understanding the influence of a message
	- Martin Luther King's Speech
		- Purpose: Demand for Racial Equality
- Why is this important?
	- Improves clarity and impact of the message
	- Guide word choice and organization
- Audience
	- *What to say* and *How to say it.*
	- Demographics
		- Basic Characteristics like age, education, gender, profession, culture, etc.
		- Helps you choose tone, style, and level of formality.
	- Knowledge Level
		- Understanding of your topic: Expert, Novice, Mixed.
		- Allows the message to be understandable and engaging.
	- Expectation and Needs
		- What does the audience want out of this?
			- Learn, Develop, Questions, Goals
		- Relevant and Valuable
	- Attitudes and Values
		- Beliefs, Opinions, and Priorities
		- Feelings about the topic
		- Allows you to Frame the message
	- Audience Analysis: WHO they are and HOW they think
- Purpose
	- Inform: Accuracy and Clarity
		- Object neutral ton
		- Clear, Organized structure
		- Evidence based information
		- No attempt to change opinion or behavior
	- Persuade
		- Strong, clear position, or argument
		- Use of rhetorical appeals
		- Deal with counter arguments
		- Emotional and Logical Reasoning
		- Understand the audience's values and attitude
	- Entertain: Engage, Amuse, or Connect
		- Creative and Expressive Tone
		- Humor, Stories, or emotional appeal
		- Stories, Comedy, Anecdotes
	- Instruct: Teach or Guide
		- Clear, sequential instructions
		- Direct and Specific Language
		- Use of Visuals
		- Perform a Task
	- What do I want my audience to think, feel, or do after engaging with my message?
- Context: Circumstances and conditions surrounding an event
	- Even a well prepared message can fail without context
	- Appropriate, Timely, and 
	- Time and Place
	- Relevancy
	- Culture and Social backgrounds
		- Different cultures interpret different language, tone, and gestures differently
		- Misunderstandings and Miscommunication can occur if not taken into account
	- Medium of Communication 
	- Urgency and Relevance
- Who, Why, What?
- Strong communicators balance Audience, Purpose, and Context.