#Diary 
As of writing, it is the 19th of June.
[[Zoyah Imran]] has gone to the capital of [[Azerbaijan]], [[Baku]], for roughly one week. She left yesterday morning and I don't know when she'll be back.
The night before her flight, we decided to meet up at [[Fairways Raya]] and hang out in the parking lot before she had to go.
However, our adventures were quickly cut short because of some random man walking up to the car and getting us to stop. I had a lot of [[Anxiety]] for what could happen the night I slept, but I think I just felt bad because of how badly our [[Date]] before her departure was ruined. I had a lot of cool stuff planned, but it all went to shit basically instantly.
I miss her a lot, even though nothing has really changed. Mostly it's just [[Attachment Issues]] messing with me.
I think a lot about what she said to me during one of our arguments. She said “You're 18, and you seem like you don't care about that, but I get yelled at by my father — with is terrifying BTW — about how I'm pathetic for not having my license yet!”
She's right. I don't feel 18 I barely feel like a person even. I need to get out of this house and this country and have my own income and house or apartment and have to take care of myself and my [[Diet]] and [[Laundry]]. I don't think I'm going to make it till the end of the year to apply for the summer semester at this rate. I am so tired of being treated like a child. I don't know what reason behind the [[Infantilization]] all the adults in my family seem to be so fond of, but it has become both a mental and physical burden. I need to get out of this house as quickly and permanently as I can.
I don't know how to do that. I guess we start by learning German as best as I can and then moving onto looking at universities.
I'm so tired of waiting for things.