#Diary 
It's been quite some time since my last entry. I couldn't bring myself to open [[Obsidian (App)]] for some reason.
I can't remember what I was talking about last, but it was probably adding information on some random topic. It goes without saying, but a lot has happened since then.
Me and Zoyah ([[The Missus]]) broke up after over a year. I felt like it was inevitable, and both of us saw it coming from a mile away.  It was very sad and we were both crying a lot.
There are a lot of lessons and things I learned over the course of that relationship, and even after now that we're friends. I'm not sure what she means by being friends. There are a few things we stopped doing, but barely anything has changed. Maybe we're better off together as friends than as a couple. It still hurts me to see her talking about other people like she's going to go out with them or something, which she only really jokes about, but they get to me. I think I need more time to be okay with the fact that she's not going to be ending up with me. 
I'm not very good at breaking up at all. I get too attached, and both [[Manal Siddique]] and [[Amn Zain]] were able to figure this out about me. Zoyah is too nice and despite being aware of this still wants me to be part of her life. I also want that, but it hurts a lot watching her live her life instead of being part of it. I was listening to [[Black Country, New Road]]'s [[Ants From Up There]]'s [[Good Will Hunting (Song)]] and it tore me to shreds. I assumed it was probably just me feeling like this, but I mentioned it to Zoyah only for her to tell me she felt the same. I don't know why, but I find it really difficult to not understand but register her statement of (something like) *“I want to date you it's just the logistics and communication issues.”*
Anyways, I miss her a lot. We still talk every day, but I miss her as a girlfriend. Maybe I just miss having a girlfriend and don't miss her specifically, but there were a lot of things about our dynamic that I'm never going to see again, and that makes me sad.
After we broke up, I looked into a [[YouTube]]r she had sent me videos of: [[Professor Skye's Record Reviews]]. I ended up watching the ones he had on [[Ants From Up There]] and enjoyed them so much that I ended up watching every video of his for every song I had listened to or could listen to! [[My Family]] and I were on a trip to [[Murree]] and stayed at [[Mehran Lodges]] for about a week. While I was in [[Murree]], Zoyah was in [[Tokyo]], [[Japan]]! I didn't get many details about what she ended up doing there, but she said she missed me a lot and ended up crying the crowded subway listening to songs that reminded her of me and our relationship.
After watching some of [[Professor Skye's Record Reviews]] I watched his review on [[Charli XCX]]'s [[BRAT]]! It was extremely insightful and talked about the concept of [[Cultural Capital]] and how being a [[Professor]] of [[17th-century French literature]] was a result of his father being wealthy and part of a [[Culturally Sophisticated Elite]] in his country!
It doesn't take a genius to realize that Zoyah and her family are from **THAT** which is why she knows so much about [[Music]], [[Film]], [[Literature]], [[Politics]], [[Art]], [[Philosophy]], [[Language]], [[Etiquette]], [[Cuisine]], [[Fashion]], [[Design]], and [[Scene]]. 
After some thought I came to the conclusion that I want to make myself more capable in these departments. I want to know what the hell a scene is. There are three motivations for this at the moment:
1. I want to have meaningful conversations with [[Zoyah Imran]] so that she'll like me and where I don't feel like a complete idiot.
2. I used to be really into the idea of looking at something holistically when I was ~14 using the different lenses that the different sciences provide; this is an incredible extension to those few lenses. I want to know more about the world because I love to live. I want to appreciate it so deeply that I don't end up killing myself.
3. I want to analyze [[Games]] holistically and provide a [[Framework]] for the future for people to understand this [[Format of Art]] through an academic lens, inspired by none other than [[Professor Skye]]'s "[[Youtube Studies]]" playlist on his other channel: [[From the Desk of Professor Skye (Spam Channel)]].
Which brings me to my final point. I want to make a [[YouTube]] channel (I mean[ I've already made it](https://www.youtube.com/@arashmsreviewcorner) I just need to actually upload on it) that does the last thing I mentioned. I've decided to name it "[[arashm's review corner]]" and for the most part I'm pretty certain my first video is going to be on [[Hotline Miami]] 1. I've given myself till August 21st to learn about culture and everything else I mentioned before even researching on the video, but for the last few days (basically since my surgery) that hasn't been going particularly well!
Hence why I made this long ass entry to 1. get myself to work again 2. start noting down some of the stuff I learn. So here goes nothing :)
First thing I'm gonna do is restructure my notes on [[Obsidian (App)]] and the second thing I'm gonna do is start using my [[Notebook]]s more with stuff like initial thoughts. 
After restructuring the folders and tags I realized I'm not taking advantage of the fact that my diary folder has digital notes — I end up writing stuff and never coming back to it to change it! and that's the opposite of what I want to do. 
I think from today I'm gonna be using the diary section to log stuff and come up with ideas about stuff I want to make like scripts and whatnot! The learning section shall act as a sort of personal wiki of well written notes in the [[Formatting for Notes]]! I think it's a pretty excellent idea but needs essentially years of work! Which I'm willing to put in :D
I'll probably just use a regular pen and paper journal for diary entries that are kind of just rants and don't need editing or sophistication. This means saying goodbye to the beautiful graph structure I had which is very sad but necessary. I'm also going to start my [[Music Log]], [[Reading Log]], [[Game Log]], and [[Film Log]] now! 