1. Introduction to Listening Skills
2. Four Elements of Language
	1. 

| Input     | Ouput    |
| --------- | -------- |
| Listening | Speaking |
| Reading   | Writing  |
3. Passive Listening $\Rightarrow$ Involuntary Perception of Sound, Hearing
	1. No Engagement
	2. No Feedback
	3. Receive Information without interacting with it
	4. Disadvantages
		1. Retention
		2. Performance
		3. Communication
		4. Damaged Relationships
		5. Missed Opportunities
		6. Misunderstandings
4. Active Listening $\Rightarrow$ Voluntary Processing and Understanding, Listening
	1. Full focus on the speaker
	2. Understand their Message, Feelings, and Perspective
	3. Build trust, respect, and understanding
5. Listening is
	1. Receiving/Hearing $\Rightarrow$ Understanding/Comprehending $\Rightarrow$ Remembering/Recalling $\Rightarrow$ Evaluating/Judging $\Rightarrow$ Responding/Feedback
	2. Noise and Distractions $\Rightarrow$ Language and Jargon $\Rightarrow$ Memory overload and Inattention $\Rightarrow$ Personal Bias $\Rightarrow$ Interrupting and Irrelevant questions
6. Watch video
	1. Art of Active Listening by the Harvard Business Review
		1. Active Noncompetitive Two-way
		2. How do I usually Listen?
			1. Task oriented
			2. Analytical
			3. Relational
			4. Critical
		3. Why do I need to listen right now?
			1. Using a mix of the two is much better
		4. Who is the focus of attention in the conversation?
			1. Don't steer the conversation 
		5. What am I missing?
			1. Speak up
			2. Ask good questions
			3. Nonverbal and Verbal cues
		6. Am I getting in my own way?
			1. We prevent ourselves from listening deeply
			2. Leave space and listen
		7. Am I in an information bubble?
			1. Employees are afraid of questioning
			2. Listen purely for comprehension
			3. Trust $>$ Hierarchy
7. Passive vs. Active Listening
	1. Incomplete:

| Aspect     | Passive | Active |
| ---------- | ------- | ------ |
| Engagement | Low     | High   |
8.   

| Qualities  | What it looks like                   |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------ |
| Nonverbal  | Observe                              |
| Verbal     | Ask Questiosn using small Utterances |
| Responding | Reflecting                           |
| Focusing   | Keeping the spotlight on the Speaker |
9. Types of Listening - Dr. Halon
10. Types of Listening
	1. Basic 
		1. Discriminative
			1. Foundational and most Basic
			2. Deciphering what the sound is
			3. Used to Identify
			4. Tone, Pitch, Speed. Volume, Sounds
		2. Comprehensive
			1. Listening to Understand
			2. Literal meaning of the words
			3. Pretty Basic
	2. Higher Order
		1. Critical
			1. Used when you read reports, politics, research
			2. Analyzing the message and it's arguments
			3. Logic, Evidence, etc.
		2. Therapeutic/Empathetic
			1. Helping to work thought a problem
			2. Listening to Help
		3. Appreciative
			1. Listening to Music, Opera, Theater
			2. For the purposes of Enjoyment
			3. Beauty and Experience
11. Key Takeaways
	1. Speaker adjusts according to the response
	2. Transactional Process
	3. Effective Listening $\Rightarrow$ Effective Response
12. Submit a Listening Task to the T.A. by Friday where you listen to the Logos Speech Structure and apply the [[Cornell Method of Note-Taking]]
13. Logos speech structure by Conor Neill
14. Next tuesday 6 or 8pm there will be a quiz 