#Lecture 
1. Final exam will not have the first 6 labs included
	1. ~~Introduction to Engineering Materials~~
	2. ~~Basic Introduction to Crystallography~~
	3. ~~Basic Introduction to Crystallography~~
	4. ~~Casting and Solidification~~
	5. ~~Gel Ball Models~~
	6. ~~Introduction to Metallography~~
	7. Tensile Testing
	8. Hardness Testing
	9. Impact Testing
	10. Atomic Force Microscopy
	11. X-Ray Diffraction
	12. Sputtering
2. [[X-Ray]] Diffraction
3. X-Ray has a wavelength of $10^{-8}$ to $10^{-11}$ and atoms are ~$10^{-10}$
4. Double Slit Experiment
	1. [[Light]] will "Diffract" i.e. Spread
	2. Constructive and Destructive Interference
	3. Trough and Crescents
5. [[Monochromatic]] (Single Wavelength) source of X-Rays
6. Path difference between two waves: $2d\,sin(\theta)$
7. [[Bragg's Law]]
8. $n \lambda = 2dsin\theta$
	1. $\theta =$ Angle between surface and Wave
9. $\frac{n \lambda}{2} =$ Complete Destructive Interference
10. [[Tungsten]] filament is heated and given a P.D. and electrons are generated moving at high velocity. X-Rays are produced through [[Thermonic Emission]]
11. Phase: Homogeneous, physically distinct portion of matter (With unique lattice parameter)
12. Residual Stresses: Forces present in the material without any external forces
13. Intensity of Constructive interference
14. Comparing spectrum with a known database of graphs
15. Coating of WC with Substrate of Steel
	1. We control the penetration of the ray
16. Why is this useful?
	1. Phase Identification
	2. Quantitative analysis
	3. Texture of Material
	4. Residual Stresses