- 15 minutes late to class because there's no sign for the PC Lab 
- SPSS means "*Statistical Package for the Social Sciences*"
- Prof. from School of Management Sciences, Advisor for 3rd and 4th Year.
- Studied from Business Schools in France.
- Introduction for each student.
- What is research?
	- Philosophy
	- Qualitative/Quantitative
	- Variables
	- Models
	- Data Collection
	- Google Forms
- If you don't like what you do it will haunt you.
- Government policy stays for 3-5 years and the decision for a bachelor must be made during/before those 3-5 years. 
- Why do people choose Electrical Engineering?
	- ~900 Students in their first semester currently, ~30 students in our class.
	- Ask people who chose double Electrical Engineering.
	- Ask people who didn't choose Electrical Engineering.
	- In Research, 900 students is our "Population."
	- "Sample Size" is a part of the population involved in the study.
	- Give the students a Questionnaire. (Name, Age, Program, Semester, Why you chose/did not choose EE, etc.)
	- Research $\to$ Research Philosophy $\to$ Collection of Data $\to$ Analysis of Data
	- Sample Size too small to Research is Biased e.g.: Gallup Survey Pakistan doesn't give you the sample size.
	- You can mention weaknesses of the study in the study. This is called Acknowledging the Limitations of the study.
	- Sample Size must reflect the diversity of the Population (Stratified Random Sampling)
- Modeling in Research
	- Attentiveness $\to$ IV, Concept/Research Understanding $\to$ DV.
	- Concept/Research Understanding $\to$ IV, Right Answers to Questions $\to$ DV.
	- IV and DV relationship is affected by the Moderators, which affect the Mediators. For example:
	  Attentiveness $\to$ Headache $\to$ Concept/Understanding $\to$ Right Answer
- Data Collection Methods
	- Text Collection $\Rightarrow$ Qualitative Study $\Rightarrow$ Requires Interpretation of Data
	- Groups of Professionals $\Rightarrow$ Focus Group
	- Quantitative study depends on the Qualitative foundation.
	- Qualitative interviews depend on body language and so is not done over something like email.
	- Nominal Scale $\to$ Most basic level of measurement for qualitative data.
	- Ordinal Scale $\to$ measure qualitative data quantitatively.
	- We use Likert type scales to measure quantitative data.
- Google Forms
	- Design of questions is important
	- We use google forms now
	- Watch how to make a google form
	- Find an IV and a DV
	- Artistic interest $\propto$ IQ and Socioeconomic Status